README.md, before:

jsontoken
=========

This is a fork of original google jsontoken from the following url.

https://code.google.com/p/jsontoken/

It has not been updated since Sep 11, 2012 and depends on some old packages.

What I have done:

1. Convert from Joda time to Java 8 time. So it requires Java 8.
2. Covert Json parser from Gson to Jackson as I don't want to include two Json parsers to my projects.
3. Remove google collections from dependency list as it is stopped long time ago.

All existing unit tests passed along with some newly added test cases.


Here is the utility I used to generate token and verify the token.

```
public class JwtUtil {
    final static String ISSUER = "example.com";
    final static String SIGNING_KEY = "09003938249038094884";
    static VerifierProviders verifierProviders = null;
    static{
        try {
            final Verifier hmacVerifier = new HmacSHA256Verifier(SIGNING_KEY.getBytes());
            VerifierProvider hmacLocator = new VerifierProvider() {
                @Override
                public List<Verifier> findVerifier(String signerId, String keyId) {
                    List<Verifier> list = new ArrayList<Verifier>();
                    list.add(hmacVerifier);
                    return list;
                }
            };
            verifierProviders = new VerifierProviders();
            verifierProviders.setVerifierProvider(SignatureAlgorithm.HS256, hmacLocator);

        } catch (InvalidKeyException e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        Map<String, Object> userMap = new LinkedHashMap<String, Object>();
        userMap.put("email", "steve@gmail.com");
        String jwt = getJwt(userMap);
        System.out.println("jwt = " + jwt);
        JsonToken token = Deserialize(jwt);
        System.out.println("token = " + token);
        token = VerifyAndDeserialize(jwt);
        System.out.println("token = " + token);
    }


    public static String getJwt(Map<String, Object> userMap) throws InvalidKeyException, SignatureException {
        JsonToken token = createToken(userMap);
        return token.serializeAndSign();
    }

    private static JsonToken createToken(Map<String, Object> userMap) throws InvalidKeyException {
        // Current time and signing algorithm
        HmacSHA256Signer signer = new HmacSHA256Signer(ISSUER, null, SIGNING_KEY.getBytes());

        // Configure JSON token with signer and SystemClock
        JsonToken token = new JsonToken(signer);
        token.setAudience("example.com");
        token.setParam("typ", "example.com/auth/v1");
        token.setIssuedAt(Instant.now());
        token.setExpiration(Instant.now().plusSeconds(3600));  // 1 hour

        Map<String, Object> payload = token.getPayload();
        payload.put("user", userMap);
        return token;
    }

    public static JsonToken Deserialize(String jwt) throws Exception {
        JsonTokenParser parser = new JsonTokenParser(verifierProviders, new SignedTokenAudienceChecker("example.com"));
        return parser.deserialize(jwt);
    }
    public static JsonToken VerifyAndDeserialize(String jwt) throws Exception {
        JsonTokenParser parser = new JsonTokenParser(verifierProviders, new SignedTokenAudienceChecker("example.com"));
        return parser.verifyAndDeserialize(jwt);
    }
}
```

Commit message:

add thread safe bug fix and reference to light

README.md, after:

jsontoken
=========

This is a fork of original google jsontoken from the following url.

https://code.google.com/p/jsontoken/

It has not been updated since Sep 11, 2012 and depends on some old packages.

What I have done:

1. Convert from Joda time to Java 8 time. So it requires Java 8.
2. Covert Json parser from Gson to Jackson as I don't want to include two Json parsers to my projects.
3. Remove google collections from dependency list as it is stopped long time ago.
4. Fix thread safe issue with Java Mac.doFinal call.

All existing unit tests passed along with some newly added test cases.


Here is a sample to generate token and verify the token. For more information, please check https://github.com/networknt/light source code for usage.

```
public class JwtUtil {
    final static String ISSUER = "example.com";
    final static String SIGNING_KEY = "09003938249038094884";
    static VerifierProviders verifierProviders = null;
    static{
        try {
            final Verifier hmacVerifier = new HmacSHA256Verifier(SIGNING_KEY.getBytes());
            VerifierProvider hmacLocator = new VerifierProvider() {
                @Override
                public List<Verifier> findVerifier(String signerId, String keyId) {
                    List<Verifier> list = new ArrayList<Verifier>();
                    list.add(hmacVerifier);
                    return list;
                }
            };
            verifierProviders = new VerifierProviders();
            verifierProviders.setVerifierProvider(SignatureAlgorithm.HS256, hmacLocator);

        } catch (InvalidKeyException e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        Map<String, Object> userMap = new LinkedHashMap<String, Object>();
        userMap.put("email", "steve@gmail.com");
        String jwt = getJwt(userMap);
        System.out.println("jwt = " + jwt);
        JsonToken token = Deserialize(jwt);
        System.out.println("token = " + token);
        token = VerifyAndDeserialize(jwt);
        System.out.println("token = " + token);
    }


    public static String getJwt(Map<String, Object> userMap) throws InvalidKeyException, SignatureException {
        JsonToken token = createToken(userMap);
        return token.serializeAndSign();
    }

    private static JsonToken createToken(Map<String, Object> userMap) throws InvalidKeyException {
        // Current time and signing algorithm
        HmacSHA256Signer signer = new HmacSHA256Signer(ISSUER, null, SIGNING_KEY.getBytes());

        // Configure JSON token with signer and SystemClock
        JsonToken token = new JsonToken(signer);
        token.setAudience("example.com");
        token.setParam("typ", "example.com/auth/v1");
        token.setIssuedAt(Instant.now());
        token.setExpiration(Instant.now().plusSeconds(3600));  // 1 hour

        Map<String, Object> payload = token.getPayload();
        payload.put("user", userMap);
        return token;
    }

    public static JsonToken Deserialize(String jwt) throws Exception {
        JsonTokenParser parser = new JsonTokenParser(verifierProviders, new SignedTokenAudienceChecker("example.com"));
        return parser.deserialize(jwt);
    }
    public static JsonToken VerifyAndDeserialize(String jwt) throws Exception {
        JsonTokenParser parser = new JsonTokenParser(verifierProviders, new SignedTokenAudienceChecker("example.com"));
        return parser.verifyAndDeserialize(jwt);
    }
}
```
